1.What is NPM?
NPM most populary also framed as Node Package Manager, but has no official full form, it is used to install , manage,and share reusable Javascript code packages.


2.What is 'Parcel/Webpack'?Why do we need it?

Parcel and webpack are both bundlers used in web development for optimizing ,managing dependency, asset transformation of html css and js files for deployment.
Parcel is a zero config and easy to setup from dev perspective by taking care of automatically analyzing the dependency to use for project without any additional configuration, whereas Webpack is a highly configurable bundler which helps in providing extensive flexibility and customizable options. 



3.What is .parcel-cache??

parcel-cache is a file generated by parcel bundler. Cache files are created in initial build and store under
.parcel-cache, which helps in faster optimization during consecutive builds on development server.It optimizes and stores html css js and image files under the cache files and uses it during rebuilding saving time and resources.

4.What is 'npx'?

npx is basically a node command used to run packages without explicitly installing.It installs the required package in temporary location and deletes the file post execution.Allowing latest package at every run without installation.

5.What is difference between devdependencies and dependencies?

Dependencies contains libraries which are expected to be available on the prod deployment.Essential for the functionality of the application.For ex libraries like React Axios Express

Devdependcies are dependencies which are expected to be on developer system for running certain task like testing, building, linting, transpilling and running.For ex- Parcel, Babel.This dependencies are not expected to be on the production environment.


6.What is tree shaking?

Tree shaking is a concept of removal of unused code and from the final bundle, removes dead and unreachable code , that is not referenced or executed in application.Helps in reducing the file size by removing the unnecessary code.

7.What is Hot Module Replacement?

Parcel automatically rebuilds the changed files and update you app in browser. It sometimes do full page reload but in some case it perform Hot Module Replacement which improves development by upadting modules in runtime rather than reloading the page which improves performance. 
CSS changes are automatically applied with HMR.This is supported in some frameworks such as React , Vue.

8.List down 5 superpowers of Parcel and explain 3 in brief.

Listing below few functionalities of parcel.
1.Hot Module Reload-It uses file watcher algorithm which is provided by Parcel itself and is written in C++
2.Bundling
3.Minify
4.Cleaning code (remove console log)
5.Image optimization- It optimizes images, stores as cache and improves the rebuilding time of application by using the stored cache files.
6.Caching while development
7.Compatible with older version of browser(polyfill)- Helps in proper functioning of application on older browser which may lack upgrade of certain piece of library or api .
8.Takes care of port number
9.HTTPS on dev


9. What is .gitignore? And what should we add in it?

.git-ignore is used to specify the Git, version control system that the changes of the file need not be tracked  or commited.
THe files that are automatically generated without human intervention such as .parcel-cache are stored under this file.
Exclude files that are not relevant to the application such as IDE configuration which might be the part of development environment but need not be tracked.

10.What is difference between package.json and package-lock.json?

package.json is basically initialization of the bundler which include basic configuration of the application such as project author , project version, starting point of application, project description and if required specific configurations for running development commands, where as package-lock.json is created post installation of libraries which actually keeps track of exact version of each module used as dependencies in library as well as track all the versions of helper modules and transitive dependecies.

11.Why should I not modify package-lock.json?

Modifying package-lock.json may lead to inconsistent behavior which may result in download of different versions of dependencies installed on different systems.It might result in unexpected conflicts due to version descrepency

12.WHat is node_modules? Is it good to push it on github?

Node_modules are a subset of modules which are direct or indirect support files for application and it is not recommened to push the same on git as they are heavy and can make the repository slow, can cause difficulty in cloning and download.
Node modules are specific to environment , it might not function properly on other enviroment.For this purpose , package-lock.json is created.The developer on the other end needs to only install it using npm.

What is dist?
DIst folder comprises of the minified version of the application which can be a dev build or a prod build depending on the npm command.A normal file cannot be uploaded as there is optimal way of uploading a minfied version which improves load time and uses less bandwidth.

What is browserlist?
Browser list is a part of script added in package.json which defines the application compatibility with the browser versions.




